there are quite a few things in
marketing and business that are not sexy
or fun to talk about but they are
absolutely necessary if you want to
build a business especially a successful
long-term business using social media of
course the sexy things to talk about are
going viral creating content getting
more views getting more engagement those
things are fun those vanity metrics at
the end of the day do serve some purpose
because they do ultimately represent
people's interest in your account your
brand or your business but it's what
we're talking about to day that is
ultimately going to be the biggest
Difference Maker between having a four
or five figure business and a six seven
figure business if not a six seven
figure a month business Sally Spark's
cousins who we've had on the show before
says that the fortune is in the followup
and when we say follow-up in marketing I
don't just mean messaging someone a
second time after they ghost you the
first time what I mean by followup is
that each and every individual touch
point is an opportunity to either
increase your revenue or miss out on
Revenue to say it another way every
single possible way that you could talk
to someone whether it's a social media
post a direct message email marketing a
landing page a consultation call a sales
call anything like that every single one
of those moments is an instance where
you are either going to be making more
money or losing out on money or
potential customers and of course we are
business owners so at the end of the day
making money and increasing Revenue are
kind of the bottom line but making an
impact on people serving more people is
also what is going to happen when you
are able to follow up today we are
talking about a different f word not
following up but funnels and your funnel
is non-negotiable having a funnel is
equivalent to having a business to say
that in Reverse if you don't have a
funnel you don't have a business today
we're going to demystify that is a
little secret word that you'll hear
later in today's episode we're going to
demystify funnel building what is a
funnel why do you need it what are the
different points in a funnel what are
the big mistakes that people are making
when they are building their funnels to
give you a little bit of a personal
anecdote the insta clubhub which is my
Instagram membership that I co-run with
my mom shellene is now a multi-million
doll business every single year and we
are on I believe our seventh or eighth
complete redesign and rework of our
funnel I'm not talking like changing a
few words or a few emails here or there
I'm talking seven or eight complete
reworks redesigns scrap everything throw
it on the floor and start over from
scratch and we've done that in just the
course of 3 or 4 years so you do the
math basically every 6 to 8 months we
are completely reworking our funnel and
it's not necessarily because our funnels
are broken but just because we are
constantly seeking to make them better
to tighten up any leaks and to save any
potential customers who we might be
losing along the way today I have an
absolute wonderful guest in an expert in
this space who has so much experience
and so much expertise when it comes to
funnel building the guest who is joining
me on today's episode of build your
tribe is Alicia conin herd who is the
owner of the persuasion experience and
she not only is an expert in funnel
building but in human psychology and all
of that has to do with marketing we're
going to talk about creating
irresistible offers we're going to talk
about consultation calls we're going to
talk about building email sequences and
funnels and what do you do when someone
doesn't show up what do you do when your
sales and marketing isn't working how do
you get people from social media to your
actual landing page once they're on a
landing page how do you get them into a
consultation call or onto your email
list how do you create those
irresistible offers and so much more I'm
so excited to share this episode with
you so without further Ado here's our
full
conversation hello Alicia welcome to
today's episode of build your tribe so
excited to have you here hey Brock I'm
very excited to about one of my favorite
topics today absolutely it's a topic
that is very daunting overwhelming scary
confusing to my audience to a lot of our
listeners today and so I'm excited that
you're going to really give us new ways
to think about this to simplify it to
unpack the complex world that is
building funnels for your business but
let's backtrack before we get started
and just kind of lay the foundation of
who you are how you got here today and
how you grew uh your expertise and your
experience okay so a quick origin story
then and I'll make it somewhat quick so
a lot of my background is in sales cold
calling TCO sales Etc and then
eventually I ended up in an agency in
Australia called King Kong and they're
quite a big agency in Australia and I
was one of their first employees and I
built out their sales funnel and C team
from scratch right but what that meant
was by the end of my time there I built
out this whole team but I'd worked on
over 400 funnels landing pages and
offers I'm talking like everything from
Brazilian buttlift doctors porn
addiction counselors quit smoking
hypnotists and then your more normal
stuff um billion dollar home builders
and e-commerce and courses and
everything in between right and looking
back on that that gives you a very
unique perspective to become a student
of market so after that I went and
worked in a company called founder some
people might know them as founder
magazine they they do courses and I
built out their funnel team from scratch
launching seven and eight figure courses
to the email list and then evergreening
them onto um ads which if you've ever
done that there's a lot of trauma
involved but eventually my partner and I
my boyfriend we were doing this thing
called Operation Freedom and this was
during lockdowns at the time so we spent
two years in Melbourne we couldn't leave
our homes we could leave our homes for 1
hour a day allegedly within a 5 kilm
radius and we were like okay no this is
not how we're going to live our life um
Operation Freedom and one day we shook
hands over breakfast
and we rage quit our jobs and we said
effort like let's do it let's figure it
out and that's how persuasion experience
was born so I'm the co-founder and CEO
of that brand we um are a seven figure
agency and we help people to build
predictable scalable and consistent lead
machines so what I'm very very good at
is the human psychology of finding
somebody on cold traffic warm traffic
and then creating what we're going to
talk about today this post click
experience to convert them into
qualified leads and the very quick last
thing because this is usually the thing
people find the most interesting is that
as part of this Operation Freedom we
sold all our stuff we packed Our Lives
into a suitcase and for the last nearly
two years we've been doing it all while
traveling the world as well so that
should bring you up to speed that's the
origin story very very quick origin
story and so freaking cool too I love I
love this Freedom project let's talk
about a different f word though let's
talk about the word funnels why the heck
does a funnel matter because I'm sure a
lot of people who are listening are like
can I just post some really cool reals
and then maybe have like a website where
people are just going to like pay me
money for whatever is I'm selling like
why does a funnel matter and what even
is a funnel let's start there okay good
questions so let me give everybody some
some ways some formulas to think right
some some Frameworks for thinking and
then we'll start to get into how to do
this and the first thing to realize is a
funnel is not optional yeah like if you
have a business you have a funnel a
funnel is just every single touch point
that someone's going to have with you on
on the Internet or online on a phone
call it doesn't matter but each of these
touch points they're a potential Revenue
leak yeah so all of these businesses
doesn't matter if I'm working with
billion dollar Brands like link tree or
startups they have these Revenue leaks
and when we're creating a funnel or what
I call a persuasion experience like my
brand name wink wink we want to make the
most out of this so that's how we think
about a funnel right it's not some
internet scammy thing it's not some
Russell Brunson clickfunnels thing you
have it by default and you are probably
leaking out Revenue throughout it now
the other thing to think about is
traffic is worthless unless it converts
and most people get very obsessed
because it's sexy and fun to make reals
and it's not so sexy and fun to figure
out a landing page right we're trying to
get attention and that might be on an ad
that might be on your social media it
doesn't matter but all we do then is we
get the click but what happens next and
that's what most people leave to chance
right and again so a funnel is not
we already have one and so when we're
starting to think about a funnel we can
think about it in different ways the
highest level is that we think about it
as before during and after that's a Joe
polished thing from I love marketing and
Dean Jackson so it's like before they
become a lead during their sales process
and then during their time being a
client and then what are all of the
touch points and knowing all of that map
but more specifically for your audience
will it be more valuable to think about
how to take traffic from social media
and turn it into a funnel or from ads I
think from from social media but let's
yeah let's let's go through that awesome
Okay cool so the first thing that we
need to think about and understand is
where is somebody in their stages of
awareness right and when we're creating
a funnel that funnel just consists of
different touch points and typically
those touch points are landing pages Now
spoiler alert a landing page is where
somebody lands but they're not all
created the same right and so what we're
trying to do when we create a funnel is
we're not looking for this big knockout
punch drag you back to my cave and force
you to use a credit card to purchase
something from me right we're looking
for a series of micro yeses so what are
those micro yeses but you can only
figure out those micro yeses to get them
to the the big yes if you know where
they are now and then you hold their
hand and bring them down that stage of
awareness so to put it in another way
nobody wakes up one day and wants what
you have right and we know this because
there's top of funnel middle of funnel
bottom of funnel whatever but what I'm
talking about is is Eugene Schwartz's
different levels of awareness so there's
completely unaware nobody even knows
that they have a problem then they
become more problem aware then they can
become more solution aware then they can
become most aware where they're looking
for offers you need to meet them where
they're at and understand what is that
conversation going on in their brain and
then the next way to think about this is
okay what's the temperature of traffic
so the way that we would construct a
funnel for organic social media is very
different to what we would do for paid
ads potentially right because on paid
ads we're usually going after that um
product or problem aware they know what
they want and then we're like okay we're
sending them to what we call a digital
appointment set a landing page getting
them to sign up with an offer but what
we want to think about for social media
is and I was listening to one of your
episodes actually earlier this morning
on on the importance of your email list
right that's what we want to do we want
to take people off of these platforms
and put them onto a platform we own
which is email so when we think about
the funnel really for this we're
thinking okay what's the strongest most
irresistible offer that we can drive
this traffic to to put them on the email
list and maybe that's the thing you guys
didn't Deep dive on on that episode and
that's what we can deep dive on today
because what's going to make them think
holy moly I need this I need this in my
life and and I'm willing to give you my
email address and risk you harassing me
in my very very sacred inbox there's
kind of a difference between building
landing pages and funnels for paid ads
versus for organic social media I would
assume the majority of our audience is
focused on organic social and they're
not running very many ads yet but it
makes sense from an ad perspective you
want to hit people who are they already
know they want the product or they
already know they have the problem they
need the solution and then you're just
kind of like here's the ad I'm paying to
get it in front of their face and then
you're building landing pages You're
Building Sales funnels that convert them
and and Sh say hey I have the solution
this is the the uh problem fixer that
you're looking for but then on social um
there's different levels of awareness
and so I kind of want to pull this apart
and and and pick it apart before we go
any further is the ultimate goal with
social to get them to the point where
they're not just unaware they're not
just like a lukewarm follower but they
are a fully aware follower they know
what you have to offer and they are
basically asking for that irresistible
offer or is it more beneficial to create
let's say different funnels and
different landing pages uh to kind of
meet these different kinds of or these
different members of your audience where
they're at which which one would you say
is more beneficial so that will also
depend on for most of your Market how
much education do they need on the on
the problem that they have right and it
just depends how much they understand
the problem that they have which means
How likely are they to take the next
step but this also depends on what sort
of business do you have do you want to
get them on a call is the sales process
through a sales call or is the sales
processed through a checkout are you
selling a $500 $1,000 course because the
micro yeses or the steps that you're
going to take them on in the funnel are
going to be really different for that as
well gotcha okay that makes sense okay
so let's talk a little bit more about uh
the landing pages before we even talk
about what the landing page is driving
to and that irresistible offer first I
have my social and I'm you know maybe
educating my audience I'm providing
value I'm gaining a awareness and then
I'm directing them to a landing page
what are some best practices or general
recommendations that you might have for
landing pages and let's frame this
specifically for again the majority of
our audiences coaches Consultants uh
people who are offering online services
and things like that yeah awesome so
when we think about our landing page we
want to think of it like our digital
salesperson now I'm going there's
probably two different landing pages
that your audience can make right we can
have a lead magnet which pull people
onto our list but there's also going to
be a small segment of your Market who
are ready now they're in they're in
market so we don't want to lose them so
that can depend on your social strategy
and then you'll have some bottom of the
funnel content that pushes them to a
consultation and some that pushes them
to the email list I'll focus on that
consultation most because that's the
closest to making money so we can talk
about the other one but the consultation
is the one how we make it a money and we
find the people who are in the market
now so with our landing page thinking of
it with this Frame of
this is our digital appointment seter
our digital salesperson you start to
think of it very differently we don't
start to think ah that copy's too long
or I want to design it really pretty we
start to think okay what are the four
conversion levers that I need to have on
this page to convince and persuade a
complete stranger from the internet to
want to talk to me to move that next
step with me right so there's these four
conversion points of a landing page
number one is we call it target market
language very sexy creative name I know
but but like what does that mean right
what we're trying to get on the page and
it's hard for us as business owners
because we have the curse of knowledge
right so we have to articulate in their
words what is their problem what's their
dream outcome so that we can position
ourselves as the solution the solution
I'm going to come back to that to go
from A to B so a very general um way or
that we could outline our page for copy
writing is called pass P for problem a
for agitate s for solution and so what
you need to do before you do any
marketing right you need to understand
your ICP or your target market Avatar
and a and a way that I say this to my
team is marketing's inputs and outputs
right garbage in garbage out so whenever
you're struggling to do this it's
usually because you haven't got really
crystal clear on some of these key
elements of your target market now what
we want to achieve here in our copy on
the page is making sure that we're
talking in their language but almost
like when they read the copy it's like
oh my gosh you have ripped a page out of
my diary like you how like how are you
articulating this better than I can and
so we are not seeking to be understood
we are seeking to show that we
understand and this is where it all
comes back to understanding where they
are in their Journey right so for
example if you're a coach or consultant
you're running social media to a landing
page like this but you want to get leads
this is going to be a lead generation
page your digital appointment center so
you would want to say hey um my name's
whatever I understand that you're having
these problems here's my story I've seen
it before I bet you've already tried X Y
and Z I've seen it before because I've
helped over a thousand people to um to
achieve big outcome and that's why I
want to invite you to and this is where
your offer comes in so what we're what
we want to do is similar to politics
right it's not the best politician who
wins it's the one who can articulate
what the market feels and and what
they're thinking so that's the first
pillar out of the four the second is
what we call Authority marketing because
basically in business in marketing you
can be a commodity or you can be an
authority that's it which one do you
think gets to charge more which one do
you think gets better clients it ain't
the commodity I can tell you that right
now and so with our marketing what we
want to make sure we're getting across
is that we're not just another we want
to be the solution and so what a a lot
of people forget is you don't sell
coaching right like you don't sell what
you sell you sell a dream outcome and
this is why it's so to get get on top of
that and to build your Authority and it
can be very uncomfortable especially for
women to be like look at me I like it
feels like I'm so great blah blah blah
but if you don't do that if you're not
your number one PR person in your
marketing like sorry to tell you but no
one's going to trust you no one else is
going to do it for you so that's the
second pillar is the authority marketing
the third is what we call the
irrefutable proof so it's not enough to
just slap a testimonial slider on there
we want to use social proof with intent
so how can we use um video testimonials
uh written testimonials how can we
tangibly show the outcome that we give
what are the different things that we
can put on the page to tell a story not
just have some random testimonials on
there and then the fourth and most
importantly it's what we call that that
offer right the Leen offer that
irresistible offer um and for the offer
it's Chang your off a change your
business if you focus on the design if
you focus on pretty pictures it doesn't
matter I've seen
the fugliest clickfunnel pages I can't
even tell you the fugliest clickfunnel
pages out convert pages that have a
strong offer and strong copy because at
the end of the day it's not technology
that will save you it's not better
design skills it's the thing that hasn't
changed in hundreds of years and won't
change for hundreds more it's the human
psychology and when someone lands on
this landing page just starting to to
put a bow on it all they thinking is so
what who cares what's in it for me and
if you can answer that question what's
what's in it for you it's the offer if
you can give them something in your
offer and build the value and the
context around it that when they're
trying to feed their kids at night when
they're trying to fall asleep they're
like they can't stop thinking about it
if they didn't take it up right that's
the kind of pandemonium you need to
create in your marketing otherwise
you'll just get lost in the noise so if
you spent all that time you finally got
someone to stop scrolling click on your
thing investigate you and you send them
to this sad thrown together landing page
that couldn't close a door like and
you're not getting your results that's
why all of your money is in the
post-click experience and that landing
page is really just the first step
gotcha so helpful I love one of the
things you said that stood out the most
to me was seek to show that you
understand rather than seek to be
understood I think that's that's so so
key and so important let's even
backtrack and uh I I want to understand
how do you empathize with your audience
better like how do you use their words
because I feel like one of the biggest
challenges that I see people running
into and a huge mistake people make on
Instagram is the curse of knowledge
basically they are they know the thing
and so they're using Insider lingo
they're using terms that only they would
use or only people who are already in
the business or who are already
customers would be using rather than
meeting the potential customers where
they are rather than uh speaking to
people at their level so do you have any
tips or inses that you can share when
considering that specific pillar I have
opinions on this as well how did you
know um so it's really easy all you have
to do is learn how to read their minds
done just go and but but here's how you
do that that's all guys develop the
skill if you believe you can so but how
do we do that right there's a few
different ways but what does this come
down to good research and inputs outputs
outcomes right garbage in garbage out
when we are doing marketing there's just
again like conceptually then I'll
actually answer your question your
question but we have research we have
strategy we have execution and then we
launch the thing and then we analyze we
learn we adjust and then that's the
flywheel doesn't matter if your research
is 5 minutes or 40 hours you have to you
have to do it right so this is where we
come into the research and so the
question is how can we understand them
and how can we shake that curse of
knowledge because there's nothing more
humbling than doing your own marketing
you can drop me into any business and I
can figure out how to make them a
million dollars like that do their
marketing doing my own
marketing like it's hard and I get it
and this is where like this research
really helps so how can we do that
there's a few um I would call them mines
there's a few places we can mine my
favorite that we run with our clients is
a survey and now automatically everyone
will think no one responds to surveys no
they do if you ethically bribe them and
you and you ask them for their opinion
and you frame it the right way so that's
always the first place to start a few
questions you can ask is um what problem
were you having before you found me what
motivated you what concerned you about
working with me and then my favorite
question which is how would you explain
business X to a friend or colleague
right and what happens is we start to
get their exact language and you'll be
surprised how many people will comply
and give you that because they want to
give their opinion so that's one place
I'll give you a couple of others the
next is Reddit there the the beauty of
Reddit is that everyone is anonymous
right everyone's Anonymous so they pour
out their hearts and their minds and you
can find any subreddit on what you do go
read that run it through AI if you want
to and like get all of the sentiment out
of that AI can easily do that for you
other great places are Amazon books
looking at the top book review the top
books looking at the reviews of those
just getting an idea of their language
going to whirlpool YouTube videos
whatever one of my favorite hacks which
doesn't work for every industry is you
type in your like what you do comedy
routine into into YouTube right because
um who trains the most who's testing
their material who has a pulse on what
makes people react better than comedians
not many people right so good it's
really cool and I some like really cool
ad angles through doing that as well so
basically like my short answer is ask
them have customer interviews have it as
part of your onboarding have it as part
of your offboarding have questions when
someone has to book with you like
collect this qualitative data because if
people even track data they get very
obsessed with the quantitative the
numbers but that's just the what the
qualitative it tells you the why it it
helps you to create a story from from
that data so that was my long answer to
your question how can we learn research
and that's a bit more on how you can do
it I love it that's so so so helpful so
that's the landing page the landing page
is ultimately driving people to this
phrase that you've used a few times an
ear irresistible offer talk to me more
about how do you come up with an
irresistible offer specifically someone
who offers some sort of like coaching or
or one-on-one type of thing one of our
All-Star uh community members they're
they're called the mobility Duo I
actually don't know if they offer uh
one-on-one coaching but let's pretend
they do and essentially what they do is
they help they help snowboarders with
functional mobility yoga and workout
routines um they do it primarily with
with courses but let's imagine they do
one-on-one coaching as well okay good
question and the the first way to think
about it is what is their next micro
step so I'm going to focus on trying to
get leads booked in a calendar that's
typically what coaches and Consultants
want I work with a lot of them they want
leads in the calendar right and we can
do offers on on lead magnets and stuff
but that's further up the funnel if you
can nail this and have a a machine a
system that's scooping your in Market
leads up then you can go back down the
funnel and add more these things but
there's people in Market we want to
clear the room on that so how can we
create an offer well we need to
understand your target market and what's
going to motivate them to take action
but there's also um two different ways
you can think about it for most coaches
and Consultants they're going to do some
sort of consultation so let's try and
think about it let's pretend they want
to go high ticket and get some cash
money coming in and so what they need to
do is we've got to remember what's the
goal here our goal is to get a highly
qualified
pre-framed excited person onto the call
to motivate them and persuade them we
need an offer because you have to get a
lead before you can get a sale so that
like we have to fill that Gap that's the
next micro step so when we make this
offer we think okay we've got a
snowboarder I don't know why they
they're having mobility issues let's
assume they're really good um and let's
assume like this this company's like the
the best company the way that I would be
framing something like this is apply to
work with the number one like
snowboarder Mobility um exercise
physiologists in the world and finally
figure out how to achieve dream outcome
I've never been to the snow so I'm
obviously showing like my newbie statest
on the on I pick the worst possible
example you've never been to the snow I
can now I can show you guys the inputs
and the outputs so it's like okay we
always use the word apply because it
shifts the frame right instead of like
hey chat to sales talk to us no one
wants to do that that smells like I'm
going on a sales call and I'm going end
up having like some sley commission
breath guy trying to close me on
something so how do we give value right
how do we shift that frame and then it's
like cool so what we're going to do on
this call whether you go ahead with us
or not we're going to do a 360 analysis
of your body on this call we're going to
go through what are your three biggest
pain points um when it comes to
snowboarding and by the end of this call
we're going to be able to give you an
exact um let's call it like
snowboarding uh physiology like overview
that's going to pinpoint exactly where
to focus to unlock your dream outcome
whether you go ahead with us or not and
see how that kind of shifts the frame to
being like something valuable so that's
what we want to do here we want to give
it a cool name I'll I'll tell you an
example for a couple of my clients in a
second um with these consultation offers
so we had a a client they're a luxury
home modeling additions firm out of
Dallas right and they compete in a male
dominated market and most of other
offers on the market cuz you also have
to look at the other offers on the
market cuz you exist in context but all
of these other home builders they were
offering a free quote a free quote a
free quote here's the problem when we
understood the market so the woman the
wife was usually making the decision and
she had a Pinterest board a mood board
she wanted to stay in her home that was
her goal and she knew kind of what she
wanted it to look like but she didn't
know what she wanted so her next micro
step it wasn't to get a quote cuz how
can you get a quote on something that
you don't understand it's like um if you
wanted a website and someone's like get
a free Court I'm like yeah but what
color will it like I don't know what
color it's going to be I don't know how
many like are you going to help me like
what's going on so we did that and then
you know selling Sunset and chicks love
champagne I can attest because I am a
chick and what we made the offer was
apply um apply to work with Dallas's
number one um home builder and
remodelings firm and start with your
free champagne design
consultation that sounds a lot more sexy
and fun to take that next step than free
quote free quote chat with sales free
quote so we're trying to inject fun um
brand personality as well right it's
it's not just like having like direct
response offers but that's how we want
to think another example is we work with
a we work with Australia's number one
hair restoration doctor and he was
running Facebook ads he was with another
agency and this agency was running ads
straight to get a hair transplant hey
nice to meet you do you want me to cut
open your scalp no not really it's the
wrong it's the wrong next step right
because somebody hasn't decided on on
that temperature and this is the same
for organic social which is why I'm
using Facebook ads they haven't decided
they want a hair transplant yet and we
haven't built any value around that so
with a consultation offer usually what
we're doing is we're using that time um
to finish the sale to diagnose their
problem to to help prescribe the
solution so the offer that we came up
with this was the save my hair um
consultation and treatment plan right
very different to hey get a hair
transplant what this also did for that
doctor was unlocked his economics
because he had other things he can sell
people right so it wasn't like he can't
help people there's some people who
don't need a hair transplant they're
more preventative so it actually like um
not only is he getting bookings and a
lot of them for hair transplants but now
he actually has other avenues to sell
people and to bring people in so that's
kind of like hopefully like the
differences in um in the office yeah
that is helpful I I have this exact same
strategy and I apply it to social media
and I always tell people even if you're
teaching like a relatively simple thing
three steps to becoming a better rock
climber or you have some strategy that
you've come up with I say come up with a
a fun creative sexy name for it and I
actually this is kind of like sexy name
Inception here I asked chat GPT what
should I call that strategy and chat TPT
said that we should call it the mystify
the mundane strategy so I always tell
people mystify the mundane just because
it's the grow on Instagram strategy
don't call it that call it something
that more directly speaks to the
languaging the the emotions that you
want your audience to feel so that's
very helpful I want to quickly ask if
someone isn't in that kind of like
coaching space they're not going to do a
consultation call next let's say maybe
they sell a $47 course or they have an
ebook what would likely be the next step
in the funnel after the landing page if
they sell a product this is where it
gets a bit more complex right because
there's a million different ways to skin
this and a big part of it is
understanding um what I call the
marketing equation psychology plus
economics times technology and then it's
understanding and playing with all of
the different economics so if you sell
um if you sell info product and I've
done done this a lot and we do it in our
own business in our own funnels you
really need to understand the economics
of that funnel and it's not just about
the psychology and you have to
understand the economics for all of them
right but if you sell a $47 product
maybe you need to look at splintering it
should it be a $7 product with a $17
bump and a
$120 upsell so for example in our agency
and I haven't done this properly yet I'm
going to Unleash the Beast next year so
what we have is an offer workshop at $17
and it's amazing we've had like nearly
2,000 people go through it it's bucks
could I charge more yes it's really good
and I'm very biased but it is and it
just shows you exactly stepbystep how to
make them so but what we did is we ran
the economics so we have that we have an
order bump and then we have our landing
page launch kit which is 147 and that
has about a 20% uptake rate now if I had
that on the front end I don't think I
would have like the economics don't
balance as as well right and then it it
then we Ascend people into the agency so
because again marketing is a humbling
Sport and I've done a lot of info I
think what a lot of people get wrong is
it's like what's your goal so for me my
goal is to build Goodwill in the market
and create a list of buyers that I can
launch new products to I'm playing the
long game I'm not trying to get rich we
maybe do like 10 15K on that product
just from my YouTube and my LinkedIn
because I know that
99.9999999% of people who see my stuff
can't work with the agency and and I
want to give impact back to people and
and we'll keep building out that median
education part um okay I think I might
end the rant but I'm just going to
underline the rant which is it's not a
simple answer but everyone wants it to
be because everybody said online that
it's so easy to make info products in
like passive income no babe it is hard
and I know because I've been part of big
companies that do this and spend
millions of dollars to figure out how to
crack C traffic to make money it takes
time and you have to have the appetite
and the patience to to make it work
gotcha let's talk about some of the
mistakes that you see people making in
general in their funnels um again
thinking about who our average listener
is kind of thinking about this this uh
coach or or consultant if you will what
are some some big flaws that you see
them often making uh when it comes to
their funnels yeah okay so my beefs with
all of your funnels here they are and
it's basically just inverse thinking or
the like inverse or like the reverse of
what we just spoke about right so here
it is number one not talking to the
Target Market in their language right
not meeting them where they're at not um
creating a not entering the conversation
going on in their mind and not standing
out being boring copying your
competitors marketing that's a huge
thing that I see a lot of people getting
getting wrong the thing is you want to
be polarizing and and I think I've heard
you talk about this as well right like I
get worried when I don't get hate mail I
genuinely am worried I'm like I am being
too soft in my marketing I need to like
go better I had somebody who took took
the time to physically go to our booking
page and then book like to book an
appointment and they just wrote in
capitals you are so annoying everywhere
and I was so happy when I saw that I was
like good thank you I'm doing the right
thing I'm happy about and I very rarely
get that but it was very funny so you
just you just can't be as scared of that
right and I think that's a limiting
belief that holds us back a lot is we
don't want to stand out we don't want to
push the envelope but that's a big thing
I see people getting wrong you're not
like your funnel is just an extension of
your marketing right the other thing
that I see people getting wrong with
their funnel well they just don't even
think about it that's the biggest thing
they just don't even realize that they
have one and they don't go back to that
core equation psychology economics
technology and there's a times next to
technology right so this is another big
mistake everyone gets obsessed with the
technology Alicia what CRM do you use
Alicia what's like what are you building
in and I'll say what's your target
market and they can't tell me c I'm not
talking to you about technology until
you can tell me the other parts of the
equation why because technology is just
an accelerator 1,000 time0 is zero
what's the point of having a shiny
sports car if you can't drive it right
so that's another thing this like
Obsession thinking that Ai and Tech is
going to save you when you need the core
you need the economics and you need the
psychology first um I've got heaps of
beefs but those are my biggest ones
gotcha I'm sure there are a lot of beefs
that we could continue to go into I'd
love to kind of hit you with some
somewhat rapid fire questions when it
comes to mistakes advice feedback you
can give and I understand everything is
nuanced and there is no like one siiz
fits all answer um but if it's cool with
you I got some kind of Rapid Fire
questions about the funnels landing
pages and whatnot I'm ready let's do it
cool what do you see as working best
specifically in terms of having videos
on landing pages I feel like for a long
time it was like you have to have a
sales video on your landing page and
then I've noticed recently A lot of
people are not putting videos on their
landing pages is is that something that
you find to be true is it like certain
industries need videos certain
industries don't what are your thoughts
on sales videos on landing pages two
core things number one classic marketer
answer you have to test it and a video
is not always better because there's so
many elements of a video that are very
important a charismatic instructor a
good script good lighting good pacing
good music good editing um and you don't
always need that we actually test out
actually let me go into this if want to
do a video don't go crazy and do an
overproduced video do minimum viable
first this is how I always do it loom
video that's what I do first if I want
to test it out and then if I see an
uplift that's when I'll invest heavier
into good video so your question being
should you have a video on your page yes
often you should because it also just
helps you to stand out most people don't
do it however it's not something that
you can just throw together and and tick
a box that's not the goal right you have
have to understand what is the purpose
of the video is it a hyper is it a vsl
um there's different things and not not
it's the goal is not to have a video on
the page the goal is to hit your
conversion your goals right um so that's
my answer gotcha what are the different
factors that might help me decide how
long um literally in terms of like page
length my landing page should be I love
this question and if I had a dollar for
every time a client or somebody told me
that a page was long maybe I'd have like
$120 but that's a lot of time for
somebody to tell me the copy is too long
right um and here's the thing there's no
such thing as copy that's too long just
copy that's too boring yeah and if we
think of that reframe that our Pages our
digital appointments said our digital
salesperson we would never limit a
digital salesperson to a few words right
it's the copy and the offer that does
the selling and it's as long as it needs
to be to make someone take action no
longer no shorter um and the length of
the page depends on where they are in
the buyer Journey so often when we do a
Google ads campaign as an example and
someone's typing in B2B business loan I
don't have to do a whole long page about
someone's backstory about how they were
struggling with cash flow and all these
things right it's like it's quite a
short page to the point but when I'm
running a Facebook campaign for a coach
who helps men to save their marriages
that are breaking down you can bet
that's a much much longer page and and
that's some ways you can think about it
what are some quick pieces of homework
or action items that someone can walk
away from this episode with and let's
assume this person they've already
signed up for an email list provider
maybe they have some people on their
email list but that's about it they're
posting reels every single day they're
trying to keep up with Trends on social
media but they're not really seeing
anything generating in in Revenue in
their business what's some actionable
things that they can do as
homework I'm going to say in the answer
that no one wants to hear get on more
sales calls get on more sales calls talk
to more of your market and figure out
what they want stop stop doing busy
productive work of like reals are
important right but there's levels to
the game if you don't actually have
something to sell people in your like
I'm going to be like Brock and I'm going
to have all these reels and do all these
things it's like get on some sales calls
and then evolve your offer that you sell
something that people want that's what
you need to do and it's not the off it's
not like the advice any wants to hear
everyone wants to hear like oh let's
play with your homepage let's make a
let's make a lead magnet let's let's
make some more reals the reality is
sales conversations get more people on
the phone and figure out what they want
so you can add value to the world and
make money because the more value you
add the bigger the problem you solve
it's it's correlated with what you've
got right and I bet most people really
struggle especially if they're in this
like sort of stage of business to
articulate what they do what value they
give who is their target market like if
you can't do those foundations no amount
of reals can save you right and it's um
it's this thing and I've fallen into the
Trap many times it's optimizing for the
ego cuz it feels good when 880,000
people watch your YouTube video it feels
good when like my LinkedIn goes viral
but don't make me money and that's what
I'm optimizing for Freedom cash in the
bank and impact so it's just making sure
you don't get caught up in those things
if you don't actually know what you what
people want and how you give value to
your Market totally two more questions
before I let you go one is we spent a
lot of time today talking about landing
pages opt-in forms uh sales calls
consultation calls and even like the the
social marketing that will lead to those
things taking place but of course
another huge part of any funnel is email
email sequences email follow-ups um if I
could ask one question because we could
spend hours talking about email
marketing and I know we have entire
episodes that we've posted in the past
about email marketing so if I was to ask
you one question it would be what's
going to
determine the longevity the length what
I put in my email sequence what factors
should I consider kind of like what
factors should I consider with you know
how long should my landing page be what
factors should I consider with building
my email my email sequence yep so I can
tell people when it comes to Legion and
those offers there's three core
automations that you need right number
one is the PRI suade flow so that's when
someone has booked in with you before
they talk to you that's this is not just
basic calendar reminders this is getting
them hyped up you're hype Girling them
you're breaking down false beliefs
you're sending testimonials whatever
that's a chance to do that your other
flow that you will want is a no-show
flow someone doesn't show up okay you
want to put them into this and the third
it depends if you how we do it is um
someone fills in a form and then they
have the option to book in the calendar
so that's a a a flow that if they book
they feel informed but don't book in
calendar they send that to them back to
that so that's just a little bit more
about the funnel but in terms of what
you can think about for your emails and
the length it all it's like all the same
level of thinking right well what stage
is it what's the purpose of the email
what do you need to say I think the main
thing to remember with email is it's
like anything else all you're trying to
do is get the click that's it you're not
trying to sell them on the email you're
not trying to get them to hand over
money you're trying to get them to click
to something and it's to your landing
page and I think that's a good full
circle way to be like make a good
landing page show that's important
awesome okay that makes sense and I know
that was a very brief overview so I
appreciate you uh giving as much value
as you could in that one answer final
question where can we connect with you
further where can we learn more from you
because I know you have an amazing
YouTube channel yourself with so many
valuable uh videos and lessons I'm going
to recommend that anyone who's watching
or listening today goes and subscribes
to your channel your page checks out all
of your valuable resources but you tell
me where's the best place to get
connected and where can we actually get
more like Hands-On stuff from the
business where can we get more about
leads from you awesome so Alicia conin
herd that's my name hard to spell but
you guys will figure it out and I'm on
LinkedIn YouTube's probably the best but
also Instagram where I post a bit more
ad hoc crazy behind the scenes because
I'm not officially doing that properly
yet for business so it's more random
stuff but for everybody um if or if you
want to check out our website it's
persuasion experience.com but what I
want to make sure is like how can I give
you all an irresistible offer to help
you to take you to the next level right
so I've packaged up all of these
different things that we've spoken about
today social proof landing pages offers
target market Avatar research everything
into like a stepbystep um free program
for you I guess you could call it and
it's at persuasion experience.com
slbt so if you go there you'll get all
of that and then if you have questions
just hit me up my obviously I'm very
chatty about funnels and marketing it's
my favorite thing when my boyfriend and
I started dating we would watch
infomercials together and drink red wine
like that's my level of psychon like I'm
here for it hit me up if you have any
questions I love it that's awesome I
love people who geek out over their
favorite things and so thank you so much
for being here thank you so much for for
sharing all of your knowledge with us
today we'll link up all that stuff you
just mentioned down in the show notes
but Alicia again thank you so much for
being here awesome thank you again I
will link up everything that she
mentioned in today's episode down in the
show notes below she has so much
knowledge and really I wish we could
have talked for like 3 or 4 hours if you
wish that as well definitely go check
out her YouTube channel because you can
watch three or four or even more hours
of her content training education and
value and definitely make sure to check
out her endless leads bundle because
that is going to be such a GameChanger
to set yourself up for success in 2025
if you don't have an email list I
believe you don't have a business if you
don't have a funnel I also believe you
do not have a business and 2025 is the
year where we are actually going to be
building building our businesses and
Brands online we're not just going to be
wasting time posting reals and creating
content we're going to turn this whole
social media thing from a timec
consuming hobby into an actual
legitimate business that is paying the
bills and that is providing us with the
life of our dreams and a huge part of
that is building funnels thank you so
much for listening today and as always
happy networking